FEAT: add sap-no-single-facet-in-collection rule (#5021)
SAP/open-ux-tools: packages/eslint-plugin-fiori-tools/README.md

|   Since   | Rule | Description | Recommended | Recommended for S/4HANA |
|:---------:|------|-------------|:-----------:|:-----------------------:|

> |  new      | [sap-no-single-facet-in-collection](docs/rules/sap-no-single-facet-in-collection.md) | Ensures `UI.CollectionFacet` is not used when it contains only one `UI.ReferenceFacet`. | | ✅ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  new      | [sap-no-single-facet-in-collection](docs/rules/sap-no-single-facet-in-collection.md) | Ensures `UI.CollectionFacet` is not used when it contains only a single `UI.ReferenceFacet`. | | ✅ |
```

> |  new      | [sap-cloud-dev-adaptation-status](docs/rules/sap-cloud-dev-adaptation-status.md) | Ensures that `cloudDevAdaptationStatus` is defined in the `sap.fiori` section of the `manifest.json` file. | | ✅ |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|  10.8.0      | [sap-cloud-dev-adaptation-status](docs/rules/sap-cloud-dev-adaptation-status.md) | Ensures that `cloudDevAdaptationStatus` is defined in the `sap.fiori` section of the `manifest.json` file. | | ✅ |
```
